README.md, before:

# Sch0lar Contracts

This project demonstrates a basic Hardhat use case. It comes with a sample contract, a test for that contract, a sample script that deploys that contract, and an example of a task implementation, which simply lists the available accounts.

Try running some of the following tasks with Hardhat:

```shell

npx hardhat accounts

npx hardhat compile

npx hardhat clean

npx hardhat test

npx hardhat node

node scripts/sample-script.js

npx hardhat help

```

# To start

Start a local node (local blockchain)

```shell

npx hardhat node

```

Open a new terminal and deploy the smart contract in the localhost network

```shell

npx hardhat run --network localhost scripts/deploy.js

```

Then, copy the address and paste it into the "address" property in sch0lar.io-frontend/src/abis/DigitalIdentity.json to point the frontend at the smart contract.

# Configure MetaMask

Download [MetaMask](https://metamask.io) by adding a custom network with the following fields:

### Network Name

`Hardhat`

### New RPC URL

`http://localhost:8545`

### Chain ID

`31337`

### Currency Symbol

`ETH`

Commit message:

updated readme and deploy script

README.md, after:

# Sch0lar Contracts

This project hosts the contracts that power the Sch0lar protocol. It utilizes the Hardhat runtime environment for testing and deployment to local testnets.

### NOTE:

If editing in VS-code, openzeppelin imports often are not picked up by the syntax reader - if ever in doubt, copy and paste into remix.ethereum.org and compile for better warnings and error handlings.

---

Try running some of the following tasks with Hardhat:

```shell
npx hardhat accounts

npx hardhat compile

npx hardhat clean

npx hardhat test

npx hardhat node

node scripts/deploy.js

npx hardhat help
```

## To start

Install dependencies

```shell
npm install
```

Start a local node (local blockchain)

```shell
npx hardhat node
```

Open a new terminal and deploy the smart contract in the localhost network

```shell
npx hardhat run --network localhost scripts/deploy.js
```

Or, test your contracts with written unit tests (doesn't require a node running or contracts deployed).

```shell
npx hardhat test
```

## Configure MetaMask

Download [MetaMask](https://metamask.io) by adding a custom network with the following fields:

### Network Name

`Hardhat`

### New RPC URL

`http://localhost:8545`

### Chain ID

`31337`

### Currency Symbol

`ETH`
